Hi, hi.
Listen to these audios.
What do they say?
Do you have children?
Say it with me.
Again.
Do you have children?
Nice.
Excellent.
So, do you have children?
Remember.
do you have do you have okay do you have
excellent let's go to the next one do you
have siblings do you have siblings say it
with me do you have siblings excellent
pretty good do you have siblings nice
nice that's what they said so for an
answer for do you have children the
answer can be yes i have three girls and
a little boy yes i have three girls and a
little boy say it with me i have three
girls and a little boy you pretty good
once again i have three girls and a
little boy excellent nice nice
now
this one do you have siblings how many
how many remember how many okay so do you
have siblings how many you pretty good
excellent once more do you have siblings
how many pretty good nice nice and one
answer that is kind of funny is i have
one more than enough i have one more than
enough meaning that you don't want any
more siblings so i have one more than
enough tengo uno más que suficiente so
say with me i have one more than enough
pretty good once more i have one more
than enough pretty good nice so remember
that you will be asked and you can ask
people do you have children do you have
siblings how many okay how many how many
how many so now this one wow she has a
big family wow she has a big family wow
she has a big family so let's check out a
video oh wow she has a big family wow
ella tiene una familia muy grande muy
numerosa vamos a ver un video and you
will say if you think vas a decir si
piensas that she has a big family que
ella tiene una familia numerosa check out
the video thanks for of your thoughts can
see if we can go back up for the video
just for the photo у nini place it is not
a great alhamdulillah
we can see that they have a one who has
more of a year
I think they should have 18 months as
soon as well so 18 months alhamdulillah y
he venido en nombre del presidente de la
Transición, del primer ministro, de todos
los gobiernos.
Quisiera la bienvenida y decir toda la
fiesta y la gratitud del gobierno del Mali.
No son los hijos de Mr. Arbi, sino los
hijos de Mali, los hijos de los África y
del mundo.
Es una emoción muy, muy fuerte y un
sentimiento de gracia que me anima realmente.
Por hoy, hoy aprendimos 23 palabras, 5
palabras y expresiones.
Y desarrollamos vocabulario, escuchando y hablar.
Recuerda que tu determinación te llevará
a cumplir tus objetivos.
Y también recuerda que ambos son las
cosas para la plataforma.
So, the commentary, the 15 words,
minimum, 15 words all about the class.
And second, you have to rate the class.
So, that was everything for today.
Bye
-bye.